James is drunk. I wouldn't wait up if I were you.
What? He's drunk?
Well, where is he? I'll pick him up.
Sorry. I can't tell you that without his consent.
Oh, and he's drunk, so how can you even get his consent?
Stop wasting my time. Just tell me where he is.
Alright. We're at.
John, is James inside? Is he okay?
John, is James okay?
Anna?
Anna, what are you doing here?
Hey, this is James's girlfriend.
I believe I introduced you all at James's house.
Miss, this is Katie, James's new project coordinator.
Katie, this is James's girlfriend.
So he likes sexy girls.
I believe I introduced you all at James's house.
How do you even know James?
You knew Katie, I can explain everything.
I didn't mean to hide this from you, Katie.
I never even planned on dating someone like James.
And I was going to tell you after this all blew over.
Still, you didn't mention his name even once.
Aren't we best friends?
If that's how you really feel, I should check on James.
No, please don't. I'm thanking you. Please.
Move.
James is my boyfriend now.
Stay away from my man.
You're mad.
You mean the man you stole from me?
Katie, you're beautiful.
And well-educated.
You could have someone better.
Can't you just let me have James?
I saved your life.
You promised to give me anything I wanted.
I can't decide that for James.
James!
What are you doing here?
And?
John, get the car!
Now that the baby's gone, you're missing.
Being in there, Katie.
Paul was right.
If you love someone, their past doesn't matter.
I don't care who the father is.
I won't let anything happen to you or the baby.
I'll treat the baby as my own.
I swear.
I'll get you the best doctors.
John, drive faster.
Yes, sir.
Help.
Someone help me help.
Katie.
Helen.
How did it go?
Do you need me to pick you up?
It's me.
Listen.
I was poisoned.
We found excessive traces of methyl mercury in her blood work.
If the levels had been much higher, you and your baby would have been in grave danger.
How do I have methyl mercury in my blood?
Because of this.
Richard found it in your apartment.
He asked me to look for anything suspicious in your apartment.
I mean, this is kind of new.
We tested it and we found methyl mercury in the pills.
Whatever pills were originally in this bottle, they'd been replaced.
Where did you get these pills?
Anna gave them to me.
Anna?
Why would she do this?
This is the baby mine.
Tell me the truth, please.
What does it matter?
You're together with Anna.
Just go back to her.
What?
These were that too?
You fucking jerk.
Anna means nothing to me.
I don't even like her.
You don't even like her.
You're living together.
Katie.
Think about it.
That night at the Robertson Hotel, did you drop Anna's resume in the room?
Resume.
Maybe?
When I saw her resume, I thought that I spent the night with her.
When I confronted her about it, she didn't deny it.
But I swear, I have not touched her since she moved in.
So Anna's been pretending to be Katie from the beginning.
It was Anna.
I can't believe it.
She saved my life once, didn't she?
Katie, there's something I didn't tell me.
Katie, wake up.
Come in here.
What happened?
She passed out in the shower.
Don't tell her I was here.
Why?
I don't want her to know that I saw her naked.
Promise you will never tell.
Okay.
I promise.
Don't worry.
So Anna never saved my life or saw me as family.
Listen, Katie, no matter what you do, I'll always be by your side.
I'll always be a part of your family.
That was you.
That night.
That's why you have such a familiar sin.
Am I going to be a father?
I know you don't like kids.
I'll raise it myself.
Katie, my offer still stands.
I'll take care of you and the baby.
No, that's not necessary.
I'll look after them both myself.
Katie, I never thought of having kids at my work.
But now that I have this child with you, I feel genuinely blessed.
Please, let me take care of both of you.
Okay?
Do you really want this?
I do.
I really do.
Give me the chance to prove it to you.
Okay.
And I think Anna might be behind more things than that.
What do you mean?
Remember we got attacked last time.
That was Anna?
Exactly.
But how did she know where and when I had a business fee?
She had an insider.
But we have no evidence.
Don't worry.
I'll handle it.
What are you gonna do?
She tried to murder you and her baby.
I won her dead.
That is not necessary.
I have a plan.
All you need to do, put on an act.
What?
Whatever you want to ask, I have no answer for you.
You knew Katie before?
Why didn't you tell me she was carrying someone else's baby?
Could you let her deceive me for so long?
James, he really liked her.
And that's why I didn't want to say anything.
I did have feelings for her.
But she sleeps with so many other people.
She doesn't even know who's child she's carrying.
It's disgusting.
Unlike you.
You're pure.
Obedient.
Anna.
I've been neglecting you.
Shall we start again?
Yes.
You're gonna be marrying into our family?
You should learn about the family business.
I'll have John arrange a position for you in the company.
You're gonna start tomorrow.
How's that sound?
Oh, maybe when you're into the family, that sounds great.
Well, I have work to do.
Don't wait up.
John will pick you up tomorrow.
Okay.
Can I get you anything?
A coffee?
I can go make you one.
I want her to make it.
Me?
Yes.
You.
It's just such a pleasure to have you here.
Here you go.
Actually, you know what?
I changed my mind.
I want tea.
What are you waiting for?
Go on.
Alright.
I need to be marrying James.
I will be...
Not you.
Congratulations.
You're finally getting what you wanted.
I know James liked you in the past, but that's over now.
Know your place?
Stay out of my way.
Why are you laughing?
Nothing.
James and I have set our boundaries.
I'm just here to work, so you two can do whatever you want.
Just leave me alone.
Oh, you know what?
I'll be too busy enjoying my life with James to notice a little life at you anyway.
Someone's in trouble again.
I can't wait to tell everyone we're together.
You haven't found the insider yet.
You have to hold out a little bit longer.
Actually, I think I found a suspect.
Me too.
Who's on your mind?
Lindsay and Anna seem too close.
They don't seem like the new acquaintance of her.
Exactly.
And she replaced her speech during the product launch.
We need to keep an eye on her.
Don't forget about our date tonight.
Our very first date.
Who wrote this report?
A three-year-old?
Sorry, I'll redo that right now.
Katie?
This is for you.
Maybe my girlfriend?
Yes.
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Take a look at the backup.
Partnerships.
Yeah.
J. and K.
If we have a boy, we can call him Jack.
And if we have a girl, Jack.
Are you getting ahead of yourself?
Are you asking me out or asking me to marry you?
That too will come.
By the way, our plan is good to go.
Are you ready for it?
You're fired.
What?
Why?
You offended Anna.
That's why.
No, no, that's impossible.
I...
Go to HR and collect your final paycheck.
John?
Now that you're going to become Mrs. Thompson,
you're just going to cut me out.
What are you talking about?
Are you out of your mind?
Am I?
James just fired me!
Yeah.
Because I offended you.
Who do you think you are?
You were the one who ordered someone to feel guilty.
And you're the one who told me to get those important bills to tell her, baby.
I'm going down.
You're going to shut me up.
If it's poked down.
Oh, you're going to need it?
It's right here.
I must be some sort of misunderstanding.
I'll talk to James.
Get your job back first, all right?
Yeah.
You better.
Because if I'm fired,
then it's both going down.
Don't hurt, baby.
It was shut up.
We have the evidence now.
Should we call the police?
I don't want to let them off the hook so easily.
What do you have in mind?
They like to be in the spotlight, right?
Then I'll give them a moment they'll never forget.
I heard you fired Lindsay.
She's been with this company for ten years.
She isolated you in the company.
That's why I fired her.
For you.
Isolated me.
And she didn't give you any work.
And she prevented anyone from interacting with you.
James, Lindsay was just trying to prevent me from overworking.
I'm new to the company.
If you fire, Lindsay, I wonder if anyone would have talked to.
So you want her back?
Okay.
It's up to you.
By the way, our company is holding its annual conference next week.
I'd like to introduce you as my fiance.
What do you think?
Fiance, really?
Of course.
I've been waiting for this day to come a long time.
The conference is in just a few days.
Get yourself ready.
We'll do.
The report is all aligned by that side.
As to instructions.
Tomorrow, you'll be in the headlines.
Amanda's about to start.
Shall we?
Please.
Jess.
We're doing here.
I'm here to attend this event as an employee.
They're in a show.
This is Anna's big day.
What are you wearing?
Are you trying to steal her spotlight?
Exactly.
I'm here to steal the spotlight.
Careful.
Everybody's watching.
James is here.
Welcome to our company's annual conference.
Before we start, there's something I'd like to share tonight.
I'd like to introduce my beautiful girlfriends, everyone.
Katie.
Yes, we are.
What's going on?
James, what are you talking about?
You said you were going to announce me as your fiance.
Oh, that's right.
I almost forgot.
We are announcing something tonight.
And that is that you, Anna, are an attempted murderer.
You are the one who told me to get those abortion pills.
No, who took this video?
Whoa, that is breaking news.
Try to fold down.
Oh, stop it, stop.
What are you filming?
Stop filming.
What are you doing?
Security.
Take them away.
Stop recording.
I'm finally realizing what's been going on.
Anna, you deceived me.
And you tried to kill Katie.
Thank God her and the baby are okay.
The baby's okay.
You know, how can that be your lying to me?
I saw her take the abortion pill.
That baby could not have survived.
You should feel lucky the baby survived.
If it hadn't, you wouldn't be going to jail today.
You'd be going straight to hell.
Katie.
Katie, I'm your best friend.
You wouldn't send your best friend to jail, would you?
Wait.
Remember we grew up together?
Right?
You didn't have his sisters.
And I don't remember.
I saved your life once.
How dare you to bring that up?
You didn't save me.
It wasn't my fault.
It was Richards.
He saved you when you wanted me to take the credit.
He didn't want you to know that he loved you.
I was just doing him a favor.
How dare you blame Richards for your schemes?
What have I done wrong?
Pursue the life I wanted?
What's wrong with that?
You always pretended to be my best friend,
just a sidekick to you.
Ever since we were young.
Everyone has left you more.
Wanted to be around you more.
I was invisible.
You used me to showcase how much better you were.
You're a heartless bitch.
Is that how you've always seen me, Anna?
You've always said I had a better job, a better education.
Have you ever considered how hard I worked for that?
Where were you when Richard and I spent hours every day and
studied overnight?
To leave you behind, you did this to yourself.
No.
No, it was on you.
You knew it.
Bitch!
Hey, hey.
Ah!
No!
Don't waste your breath in here.
Chef James?
Yes.
I would like a hot green tea with two lemons,
2.3 grams of sugar,
and the water should be about 120 degrees Fahrenheit.
Seems like someone's looking for trouble.
You got a problem with that?
I do.
I haven't finished my project for supposedly.
That's my favorite job.
I'll pay you back.
With this.
What's that?
From that one, I'll take care of you and the baby.
And you'll be my boss.
Will you marry me?